#450 docs ml simple setup (#451)
Inbibo/adonisfx_docs: docs/maya/simple_setup.md

Optionally, the *Mush Weights* can be used to control the regions where mush smoothing is applied.

For more details about the AdnMLDeformer, please go to the dedicated deformer [page](deformers/ml_deformer).

## AdnSmartTissue

To create a basic scenario using the AdnSmartTissue deformer, start with a scene with the following elements:

- The animated geometry to apply the deformer to.

In order to use the AdnSmartTissue ML dynamic material properties predictions, you will also need:

- An `.adnm` file generated with the [Neural Training Tool](tools/neural_training_tool) trained with muscle activation data.
- The `joints.json` file containing the Maya rig joints used for data extraction and training.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > The AdnSmartTissue deformer can be used with an FX license and used without the ML material properties prediction feature. In this case the material properties will be set manually through the deformer attributes globally for the procedural tissue simulation. However, the ML material properties prediction feature is recommended for more realistic results and an Adonis ML license is required to generate the Adonis ML model required.

Reviewer: I know what you want to say here but the paragraph is a bit confusing. I would modify this to make it more readable. First sentence about the license, then everything else about the material properties. I'm giving a suggestion below but you can rephrase it 

```suggestion
> - The AdnSmartTissue deformer can be used with an Adonis FX license but a ML license is required to generate the Adonis ML model required.
> - If the ML model is not provided, then the solver applies the material properties configured in the Solver Settings as any other Adonis solver would do.
> - If the ML model is provided, then the solver modulates the material properties using the ML inferred data.
```

Author: changed also for Houdini!

The example result of the push effect after painting the *Push Multiplier* map can be seen in Figure 51.

<figure markdown>
  ![AdnSmartTissue Push After Painting](images/simple_setup_smart_tissue_04.png)
  <figcaption><b>Figure 51</b>: Smart Tissue procedural tissue simulation push after painting.</figcaption>
</figure>

### ML Activations

If the AdnSmartTissue deformer is created with the ML Model File and Joints Info File provided, the ML material properties prediction feature will be enabled. This allows the deformer to predict the material properties of the tissue simulation based on the muscle activations of the character.

You can debug the ML material properties prediction by pressing the ![AdnSmartTissue Activation Debugger button](images/adn_smart_tissue_activation_debugger.png){style="width:4%"} in the Adonis shelf or go to the Adonis > Smart Tissue > *Activation Debugger*.

<figure markdown>
  ![AdnSmartTissue ML Activation Debugger](images/simple_setup_smart_tissue_05.png)
  <figcaption><b>Figure 52</b>: Smart Tissue ML activation debugger.</figcaption>
</figure>

> The ML material properties prediction feature will automatically adjust the material properties of the tissue simulation based on the muscle activations of the character. This allows for more realistic tissue behavior, as the material properties will change dynamically based on the character's movements. You can adjust the material stiffness values in the Maya Attribute Editor to fine-tune the tissue simulation behavior by setting the *ML Min Stiffness* and *ML Max Stiffness* attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ML material properties prediction feature will automatically adjust the material properties of the tissue simulation based on the muscle activations of the character. This allows for more realistic tissue behavior, as the material properties will change dynamically based on the character's movements. You can adjust the material stiffness values in the Maya Attribute Editor to fine-tune the tissue simulation behavior by setting the *ML Min Stiffness* and *ML Max Stiffness* attributes as well as the *ML Stiffness Multiplier*.
```
